Sloth
Is my spirit animal.

Stress
Just look for me somewhere beyond the limits of human endurance.

Fragility
Inside every snowflake is a perfectly unique meltdown just waiting to happen.

Work
When I was told I had to pull my weight around here, I didn't realize that included everyone else's.

Education
You can't put a price on a good education, but you can spend a small fortune to acquire skills that might help you earn a fraction of it back before technology obsolesces your knowledge set.

Integrity
Play by the rules, get beat by those who don't.

Hype
The power to get you excited about that which you know isn't real.

Outrage
I may disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to be punished for saying it.

Values
You wouldn't believe how little we spent on a poster to show how much you're worth. 

Inadequacy
If things don't improve soon, we may have to ask you to stop helping us.

Negativity
What optimists call objectivity when they don't like the message.

Unreliability
Failure is simply an opportunity to begin again, next time some place else, where they like to hire losers. 

Imagination
My reality isn't getting any better, but my fantasies are improving all the time.

Break the Rules
On your own time. Here, you get paid to conform.

Affirmation
Instilling the self-confidence kids will need to carry them through all the failure they'll experience because they weren't taught competence instead.

Discouragement Fish
Because there's nothing standing between you and your goal but a total lack of talent and complete failure of will.

Never Give Up
Never stop trying to exceed your limits. We need the entertainment.

Politics
A nation divided against itself cannot stand to hear what those other lunatics are trying to say.

Pulling Together
Only works when you're not jerking in opposite directions like idiots.

Stubbornness
Because somebody has to be right and it might as well be me.

Survival Shark
One life's journey is another's destination.

Virtue
You must tweet the change you want to see in the world. It won't affect anything, but at least people will know exactly where you stood during the fight. Doing nothing. Like the poser you are.

You Are Special
If you require additional affirmation, get a puppy. The rest of us are trying to work.

Be the Bridge
That way we can walk all over you on our way to better places.

Caution Iceberg
Disaster awaits those who ignore hidden threats. We trust you'll find this sufficiently motivating. 

Dare to Be Different
Because there's always room for another annoying non-conformist like you in the unemployment line.

Dare to Soar
With enough hot air, even losers like you can fly.

Downsizing
Because we're all in this together but there's always room for one less.

Interns
The experience we're giving you is invaluable.  That's why we're not paying you anything.

Mediocrity Penguins
Just because we accept you as you are doesn't mean we've abandoned hope you'll improve.

Micromanagement
A job worth doing is worth doing right over your shoulder by your boss.

Progress
Just made you irrelevant.

Teams
Together, we can do the work of one.

Motivation
If a pretty poster and a cute saying are all it takes to motivate you, you probably have a very easy job. The kind robots will be doing soon.

Tradition
Just because you've always done it that way doesn't mean it's not incredibly stupid.

Multitasking
The art of doing twice as much as you should half as well as you could.

Get To Work
You aren't being paid to believe in the power of your dreams.

Shoot for the Moon
Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars. Of course, then your eyeballs will boil and your lungs explode from decompression. But that's what you get for being a damn showoff.

Procrastination
Hard work often pays off after time, but laziness always pays off now.

Knowledge
I believe that children are our future. And that terrifies me.

Distinction
Looking sharp is easy when you haven't done any work.

Ambition
The journey of a thousand miles sometimes ends very, very badly.

Potential
Not everyone gets to be an astronaut when they grow up.

Achievement
You can do anything you set your mind to when you have vision, determination, and an endless supply of expendable labor.

Believe in Yourself
Because the rest of us think you're an idiot.

Meetings
None of us is as dumb as all of us.

Perseverance
The courage to ignore the obvious wisdom of turning back.

Consulting
If you're not a part of the solution, there's good money to be made in prolonging the problem.

Idiocy
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.

Priorities
Hundreds of years from now, it will not matter what my bank account was, the sort of house I lived in, or the kind of car I drove... But the world may be different because I did something so bafflingly crazy that my ruins become a tourist attraction.

Limitations
Until you spread your wings, you'll have no idea how far you can walk.

Foresight
Those who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those busy proving them right.

Consistency
It's only a virtue if you're not a screwup.

Winners
Because nothing says "you're a loser" more than owning a motivational poster about being a winner.

Underachievement
Because soaring with the eagles requires so much more effort.

Execution
It's not just the ability to put a plan into action, it's our solution for those who lack that ability.

Retirement
Because you've given so much of yourself to the company that you don't have anything left we can use.

Sacrifice
All we ask here is that you give us your heart.

Sanity
Minds are like parachutes. Just because you've lost yours doesn't mean you can borrow mine.

Teamwork
A few harmless flakes working together can unleash an avalanche of destruction.

Compromise
Let's agree to respect each others views, no matter how wrong yours may be.

Mistakes
It could be that the purpose of your life is only to serve as a warning to others.

Hope
May not be warranted at this point.

Challenges
I expected times like this - but I never thought they'd be so bad, so long, and so frequent.

Irresponsibility
No single raindrop believes it is to blame for the flood.

Government
If you think the problems we create are bad, just wait until you see our solutions.

Legacy
It took millions of years to create something this extraordinary. You have about seventy-four.

Give Up
At some point, hanging in there just makes you look like an even bigger loser.

Mediocrity
It takes a lot less time and most people won't notice the difference until it's too late.

Aspiration
I hear the call to do nothing and am doing my best to answer it.

Wishes
When you wish upon a falling star, your dreams can come true. Unless it's really a meteorite hurtling to the Earth which will destroy all life. Then you're pretty much hosed no matter what you wish for. Unless it's death by meteor.

